c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Orders.dll.config
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Orders.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Orders.pdb
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\Debug\Orders.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\Debug\Orders.dll
c:\users\hector.duran\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\Debug\Orders.pdb
